Docs: Update graphql section (#262)
dojoengine/book: docs/pages/cairo/hello-dojo.md

```

You can observe that our `Moves` and `Position` models have been successfully registered.

> Next, let's use the GraphiQL IDE to retrieve data from all the model that has been registered. In your web browser, navigate to `http://0.0.0.0:8080/graphql`, and enter the following query:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Next, let's use the GraphiQL IDE to retrieve data from all the models that have been registered. In your web browser, navigate to `http://0.0.0.0:8080/graphql`, and enter the following query:
```

}
```

> In the GraphiQL IDE, by clicking the `DOCS`-button on the right, you can open the API documentation. This documentation is auto-generated based on our schema definition and displays all API operations and data types of our schema.. In order to know more about query and subscription, you can jump to [GraphQL](../toolchain/torii/graphql.md) section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the GraphiQL IDE, by clicking the `DOCS`-button on the right, you can open the API documentation. This documentation is auto-generated based on our schema definition and displays all API operations and data types of our schema. In order to know more about query and subscription, you can jump to [GraphQL](../toolchain/torii/graphql.md) section.
```
